hello here we are today in my car and
I've got IO play installed in my car
this is the IO play control console in
my car with me today I've got my mobile
telephone I've also got my portable
sat-nav it's going to start the engine
of my car you can hear my radio from my
car just come into play as you would
normally expect it to do and you'll
notice as well that the telephone here
has automatically connected and paired
to IO play for hands-free course and my
portable sat-nav is also connected
itself to IO play this sat-nav has a
feature called Bluetooth or external
speaker which basically means any audio
that the sat-nav pushes out can be
pushed across the Bluetooth stereo
channel to a receiving kit like my IO
play so I've actually got some music
stored in my sat-nav
and I'd like to play it into all of the
speakers in my car through IO play which
I'm going to select to track now and I
play will switch across to my sat-nav as
you can see
and I'm now streaming music from my
sat-nav into all of the speakers of my
car across the Bluetooth stereo channel
the sound quality is fantastic all
control up volume control down here as
well let's say as well I'm using my
stamina to get to my destination
so should I receive a voice command
whilst connected to the kid those voice
commands after 300 meters you have
reached your destination
thanks voice commands are coming through
more speakers in my car but let's say I
don't want to listen to music in my
portable sat-nav I'd actually like to
listen to my radio and at the same time
still receive my voice commands from my
sat-nav into the car so I've just
stopped the music on the sat-nav now and
the radio of my cars come back into play
so now when I receive a voice command
from my sat-nav
after 300 meters you have reached your
destination
io play switches out the radio brings
the voice command into play and once the
command has finished brings the radio
back forming a complete seamless
experience now let's not forget as well
that I've actually got my mobile phone
connected here as well for making and
receiving telephone calls so if I should
receive a telephone call whilst driving
I can simulate that here by president
holding the green telephone icon pubs
and open speed dial in last number
things pulling credit that's my mobile
vibe you play now and at the end of the
telephone call either the radio if
that's what I was listening to or the
sat-nav voice commands and or music will
then be automatically switched back in
play for me as you can hear that there
are a couple of other features that I
overlay to provide me whilst I'm in a
hands-free call and that's called
secrecy with course secrecy a quick push
on this button whilst l'm in a bank or
there's two bigs on the line every three
seconds to tell me that the caller now
can't hear me but I can hear the caller
through until I press this button again
and then with the caller can hear me a
long push on this button basically
transfers the call from the car speakers
to my handset for more privacy and a
push hearing ending will then
transceiver from the phone back into the
karlon so just to summarize for you
there iö plays providing a complete
solution for my mobile telephone calls
and my portable sat-nav requirements and
as I said earlier this portable sat-nav
has bluetooth for external speaker
function basically means any audio in
this is a cloud can be pushed across the
Bluetooth stereo channel and received up
with in this case by my okay
you